promql: histogram_fraction for bucket histograms (#16095)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/functions.md

## `histogram_fraction()`

`histogram_fraction(lower scalar, upper scalar, b instant-vector)` returns the
estimated fraction of observations between the provided lower and upper values

> for each histogram sample in `b`.
> It can handle
> [classic histograms](https://prometheus.io/docs/concepts/metric_types/#histogram)
> or native histograms.
> If used with classic histogram take care that the `lower` and `upper` values dont
> stray far from the exported bucket boundaries, otherwise interpolation will lead
> to a potentially large margin of error. The interpolation method for classic historams
> is the same as the one used for `histogram_quantile()`.
> (See
> [here](https://prometheus.io/docs/practices/histograms/#apdex-score) for a more
> informed approach to compute fractions for classic histograms using the exported
> bucket boundaries directly.)

Reviewer: The interpolation method is the same as for histogram_quantile for both native and classic histograms.

With some added wordsmithing, I suggest the following:

```suggestion
for each classic or native histogram contained in `b`. Float samples in `b` are 
considered the counts of observations in each bucket of one or more classic
histograms, while native histogram samples in `b` are treated each individually 
as a separate histogram. This works in the same way as for `histogram_quantile()`.
(See there for more details.)

If the provided lower and upper values do not coincide with bucket boundaries,
the calculated fraction is an estimate, using the same interpolation method as for
`histogram_quantile()`. (See there for more details.) Especially with classic
histograms, it is easy to accidentally pick lower or upper values that are very
far away from any bucket boundary, leading to large margins of error. Rather than
using `histogram_fraction()` with classic histograms, it is often a more robust approach
to directly act on the bucket series when calculating fractions. See the
[calculation of the Apdex scare](https://prometheus.io/docs/practices/histograms/#apdex-score)
as a typical example.
```

values, and vice versa for negative values.) Without a precise alignment of
boundaries, the function uses interpolation to estimate the fraction. With the
resulting uncertainty, it becomes irrelevant if the boundaries are inclusive or
exclusive.

The interpolation method and handling of float samples is the same as the one

> used for `histogram_quantile()`. See there for more details.

Reviewer: I think we should mention more prominently (closer to the top) that this function handles both classic and native histograms. (See the 1st paragraph of the documentation of the `histogram_quantile` function below.) As discussed before, there should also be some words of caution that providing lower and upper boundaries far away from bucket boundaries will lead to a large margin of error and that a more informed approach for classic histograms is to use a particular bucket series directly, as described in detail in https://prometheus.io/docs/practices/histograms/ .

Author: Ok! Updated the docs to the best of my ability!
